feat: add Mutiny support (#3198)
apollographql/apollo-android: README.md

* Normalized cache
* File uploads
* Custom scalar types

> * Support for RxJava2, RxJava3, Coroutines, Reactor and Mutiny

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reactive bindings for: RxJava2, RxJava3, Coroutines, Reactor and Mutiny
```
